Poor mice... getting eaten...
If you want,
I'll take care of the bad guys,
you just keep the
mice from get‐‐
You really shouldn't.
And why not?
'Cause everything would collapse
and none of them would survive.
Which wouldn't
accomplish anything.
Let's be smart.
We have to figure this world out
and overcome it the right way.
Otherwise, we're not
gonna get that reward.
Mrowr.
Tch.
[MOUSE 05A]
Chu!
[NAGARA]
Nozomi!
You hurt?
No, I'm fine. Thanks, though.
Is there really a point
in us trying to
"conquer" these worlds?
Well, don't ask me.
[ASAKAZE]
This one's a lost cause anyway.
We won't know that
unless we try.
[NAGARA]
Right... I'm done...
Are you okay?
Here, have some of this.
[NOZOMI] He made it to
a few of the worlds
we were aiming for, didn't he?
[gasps]
[RAJDHANI] Hmm. That's true
but it feels like he stumbled
into them by total chance.
[ASAKAZE] You're a
luck‐of‐the‐draw gacha machine.
You'll hit the jackpot sometime,
just gotta keep trying.
[NOZOMI] Hmm. Somehow, I doubt
it's gonna be as simple as that.
[NAGARA]
Sorry.
[RAJDHANI]
Hmm? No need to apologize.
Failures help, too.
They inch us that much
closer to success.
Exactly! We've got as
much time as we need here.
[ASAKAZE] I don't know why
you're acting so confident.
We don't know anything for sure.
[RAJDHANI]
You're right about that.
But taking a chance
is our only option.
We've got a beacon to our
original world and a means
of moving ourselves there.
We need something
that connects them.
Whether it'll be someone's
power, or this world,
I can't be sure,
but another piece is necessary.
Luckily, we've found
items that carry
their own powers with them.
[NOZOMI] Mm‐hmm. And the light
is closer, too.
More so than yesterday.
[NOZOMI]
Okay.
Let's set these mice free
from this world.
[GROUP]
Mm.
[NOZOMI] It's not that this
place is a lost cause.
We just have to save
the rebellious red mouse,
and change the way
things work here.
No more dying over gold.
It'll at least be a better
place than it was before.
[MOUSE 05A]
Chu, chu, chu, chu!
[NOZOMI] The great mouse
relocation operation!
[NAGARA grunts]
[NAGARA] Did that "conquer"
the world, then?
[NOZOMI] You've gotten better
at using your super‐power.
[NAGARA]
Huh...? Really?
I don't think
anything's changed.
[NOZOMI] Come on.
You've grown a ton!
I've been watching you improve.
We'll get home in no time!
[NAGARA] Mm. Now you're
just exaggerating.
[NAGARA] Plus, remember
what Ms. Aki said?
You know, how we can't ever...
[NOZOMI]
Oh, don't listen to her.
One time, a doctor gave
me some friendly advice.
"Never ever, in a million years,
should you trust the word
of a well‐endowed
woman, you hear?"
'Cause the nutrition goes
straight to her boobs instea‐‐
Uh, yeah, I get it‐‐
no need to clarify.
[NOZOMI]
Ha! Why're you blushing?
[ASAKAZE growls]
[MIZUHO] Hey, do you think
this is this world's reward?
[NOZOMI, NAGARA]
Hmm?
[MOUSE]
Chu, chu, chu, chu!
[NOZOMI]
Hmm...
[MIZUHO]
Huh...?
[NOZOMI]
Weird...
[NAGARA]
They came untied?
‐‐[MOUSE] Chu! Chu!
‐‐What are you?
[NOTO] Don't you think Ms. Aki
was acting different than usual?
[SUWA] Yeah, she never talked
like that back in school.
[KUJI]
She was a total cutie, huh?
Kinda like a reporter.
[DAIYA] But... after showing up
out of the blue and saying
what she did, I don't
think we can trust her.
[ACE]
Hey. What are you saying?
That Ms. Aki is tricking
us or something?
For what reason?
[STUDENTS gasping]
[CAP groans]
None of you can ever go back to
your world again, understand?!
[gasping]
What are you talking about?
[STUDENTS murmuring]
[NOTO]
You're not here to rescue us?!
Then what are you here for?!
[AKI]
Shut up and listen!
[STUDENTS gasping]
This was never about going home
in the first place, was it?
What does that mean?
[AKI] There are those
among you who could
use your powers before.
And by before,
I mean back when you were
all still in school.
[gasping]
[AKI] Which means this
whole "going adrift" thing
might be the result of
somebody misusing their power!
Okay. Then can we ask
how you made your way here?
[AKI] Hah! Good question,
for a piece of trash.
[gasps]
I'll tell you, so listen up.
Because God needed me to!
That's why!
[ASAMA] All right, but...
were there really people
who could use their powers
before we ever came here?
[STUDENTS groaning]
When she said that, it kinda got
me thinking about some stuff.
[gasping]
[SUWA] Remember the
weirdness at school?
The three billion yen coming out
of lockers and the auroras
on school grounds?
Looking back, couldn't those
incidents have been the result
of someone using their
super‐power in secret?
Then do you think everything
the teacher told us was true?
[MUTSU] If someone's power
is what brought us here.
there's only one candidate.
[STUDENTS gasping]
[KAGA] I hate to, uh,
even bring this up, but...
[MACHI]
What?
[KAGA]
I dunno...
Let's go, pal. Spit it out.
M‐Maybe, well, i‐it's possible
that he's lying and pretending
he can't go back home.
[STUDENTS murmuring]
[NOTO]
What would be the point?
[BOY 05B]
Is he for real?
[MACHI]
Quiet, everyone. Settle down.
‐‐[ACE] Damn it!
‐‐[clattering]
[ACE] I swear,
I'm gonna kill that guy!
[HOSHI] Now, now;
let's just take it easy.
[RAJDHANI] It's not possible
Nagara's pretending
that we can't go home.
And why is that?!
If he was trying to trick
everyone, then he wouldn't go
to any other worlds at all.
[HOSHI]
That's right.
Plus, how can you suspect
one of your classmates?
That goes against
our school motto!
We're all supposed "To live
together," if you recall?
[STUDENTS groaning]
[AKI]
Magnificent.
[gasps]
[ASAKAZE]
Tch.
[AKI]
You made this, right?
For everybody else?
What do you mean?
Don't be so grumpy.
I'm complimenting you.
[ASAKAZE] Whatever.
It's not that big a deal.
[AKI]
Why not?
[ASAKAZE]
"Why not"?
'Cause there are lots of
talented people out there.
And I don't just mean
in this world‐‐
That's where you're wrong, kid.
Just think about it.
This hole is the only reason
the island hasn't sunk.
You're not like the others.
You're special.
The "only one."
[ASAKAZE]
No. You're just saying that.
[AKI] Poor boy.
Nobody really understands.
Not even you.
[ASAKAZE gasps]
Hey, this kinda hurts!
[AKI]
You are somebody special.
You don't have to be
bound by this world.
The time is approaching.
You are going to evolve.
It's something...
...that only you can do.
[MOUSE]
Chu, chu, chu, chu, chu!
[RAJDHANI]
Hmm...
Incredible!
It's the power
to unravel things.
[NOZOMI] This little guy's
gonna be useful.
Aren't you?
[MOUSE]
Chu!
[MIZUHO]
Hmm...
[RAJDHANI]
Curious?
Those are power‐holdovers
that were given to me
by some of the other students.
[NOZOMI]
Power holdovers?
[RAJDHANI] Yeah, at some point,
the name just stuck.
Don't ask me.
Anyway, over time they
obtained these by conquering
other this worlds.
And they all have powers,
like your mouse there.
Oh! So, the others
already knew about them.
[MIZUHO]
What do these things do?
[gasps]
They're known as
the Go‐Old Glasses.
They let you see what people
will look like when they're old.
[MIZUHO gasps]
[whimpers]
[NAGARA]
Hmm? Is something wrong?
[MIZUHO]
No...
[RAJDHANI] I gotta say,
I never expected we'd discover
‐‐a power like this.
‐‐[ARMSTRONG] Chu?
[RAJDHANI] We might be closer
to finding our missing piece
than we thought.
And when we do, you better
be ready to use your ability.
[NAGARA]
Uh. Okay.
[MIZUHO]
Thanks, "mister savior!"
[NAGARA sighs]
Cut that out.
The best, baldest,
‐‐toothless, wrinkled geezer!
‐‐Hey, Nagara,
you should know.
[NAGARA]
Huh? Know what?
Well... I'm sorry, but to all
the others at the moment...
...you aren't a savior.
You're pretty much the opposite.
If anything, they think‐‐
‐‐[knocking]
‐‐[NAGARA] Hmm.
[NOTO] Good evening!
Is Nagara here by chance?
We wanted to have a word
with you. All right?
Ah? With me?
[NOZOMI] Huh? No, he's not
doing it on purpose.
Nagara wouldn't do that.
[INUYAMA]
Can you blame us?
We're just trying
to be objective.
[NOZOMI]
Would you listen to yourselves?
I know he has power, but you're
jumping to conclusions.
[MACHI] Which is why
we asked him to come here.
This is just a discussion.
We were hoping he could tell
the truth in front of everyone.
[ACE] Well, Nagara?
What's your answer?
No. I'm innocent.
I'm not‐‐ I'm not the one
who did this.
[STUDENTS groaning]
[SUWA] Look. I don't know if
you're aware of this or not,
but...
We all have friends and
family that we left behind
when we came here.
Our parents must be
worried sick waiting for us,
and some of us have
entrance exams to take.
‐‐Or clubs to run.
‐‐[TSUBAME sobbing]
[DAIYA]
So we have to get back home.
[gasps] Well, I'm not
trying to keep that from you!
[DAIYA] And unlike you,
the rest of us are needed
back in our world.
[NOZOMI growls]
[SATA]
Say you're sorry!
[NOZOMI gasps]
[MIZUHO gasps]
What for?
[KUJI] Yeah! Apologize for
messing up everyone's lives!
[NAGARA]
I... I'm sor‐‐
[NOZOMI]
You've got no reason to be!
[ACE] We're talking
to Nagara, not you!
[NOZOMI]
This isn't a discussion!
Hell, you just want a scapegoat!
Gonna blame him
so you feel better?!
[HOSHI] We're all being
rather unpleasant.
We have been for some time.
I think that perhaps we've let
Ms. Aki's words get to us,
don't you?
And just think about it.
We've come this far by
working together as a team.
Have you guys forgotten that?
[STUDENTS sighing]
Yeah, I agree.
Hoshi's makin' a lotta sense.
Hey. where's everybody going?
Sorry, but I think we've
all had just about enough
of his lectures.
[HOSHI]
Oh?
Then you'd all rather listen
to Ms. Aki's lectures?
Seems unwise‐‐she said we can
never go back to our own world.
You remember, right?
Despite invoking the name of
God as to how she appeared
in this world.
You don't find that strange?
[AKI] Hmph. You still need
to finish your education.
I guess I'll just have to be
the one to show you the way.
[HOSHI] That isn't what
you really want, is it?
I mean, she offers no salvation.
[HOSHI]
She isn't anyone's savior.
[STUDENTS whimpering]
Stop trying to get in our heads.
No one's getting saved.
Well, that's still
what'll happen.
[growls]
Ah...
[NAGARA sighs]
[NOZOMI]
You gotta do it like I said.
You're not gonna have
much luck if you don't.
[NAGARA]
I'm just not good at it.
[NOZOMI] This has nothing
to do with talent.
[NAGARA]
Yeah, guess you're right.
No matter where I go,
or what power I have,
I always end up useless.
[NAGARA] It's been that way
since I was born.
[NOZOMI] So, you're just
gonna give up again?
[NAGARA sighs]
[glass shattering]
[NOZOMI] It's not like
people are worth anything
just because they were born.
[NOZOMI] That's why we have
to find our own purpose.
However long that takes.
Sure, there's some value in
the life we've been given,
but if it came bundled
with a purpose,
we'd be letting someone
else decide our fate,
and that'd be gross.
[NAGARA sighs]
Mm.
[NOZOMI]
Oh, look!
Guardian spirits!
[NAGARA]
Whoa, wait‐‐ That's dangerous!
[sighs]
[NOZOMI gasps]
Nagara, come on!
It's incredible!
Ah. Nah, I'm okay.
Come on, you'll be fine!
Put on your mask and
get your butt down here!
Hurry up, already!
[NAGARA]
Wha‐‐?!
[NOZOMI gasps]
Wasn't that cool?
I've never seen that before!
[NAGARA]
Yeah, it was!
I wasn't expecting it to be
a school of minnows.
[NOZOMI]
Right? Neither was I.
[NAGARA sighs]
Thanks.
[NOZOMI]
Hmm?
Glad you came.
Yeah.
But man... I'm impressed you
could just dive right in.
You're just too chicken for it.
Well, maybe you're
just too reckless.
Don't you... ever get... scared?
[NOZOMI] Sure do.
Scared and anxious.
[gasps]
Then how...?
To be honest,
it's why I do stuff like this.
[AKI giggles]
What do we do now that
we're all split up?
[HOSHI]
Don't worry.
We're ready for this.
We already know
what's happening.
[AKI]
Running away again?
[gasps]
[AKI]
Don't play dumb.
Your ability is "Escape,"
which is the power to run away.
You didn't wanna be in your old
world anymore and that wish
sucked everybody into this one.
Stop it.
That isn't true.
[AKI]
Yes, it is!
And since your power is made for
running, it's one‐way isn't it?!
Which means that
you can't return!
All of you are gonna be
stuck tagging along
on his sorry little
escapist fantasy forever.
[NAGARA]
Wait! You're wrong. I‐‐
[ACE]
Shut up! No, she's not!
Villain!
[thunder cracks]
[ACE]
Would you stop?!
Quit making us suffer, 'cause we
don't want to come with you!
[NAGARA]
No, it's not like that.
Listen to me‐‐
[KAGA]
This is fun for you, isn't it?
[NAGARA]
Huh?
[KAGA] You just happened
to gain an incredible power
and now you've got
girls being nice to you.
Meanwhile, you were all but
nonexistent back in our world.
[sighs] Whatever.
I don't care if I go back.
And I don't really care
what happens to you guys.
I dare you to say that again.
[STUDENTS growling]
[gasps]
Sorry...
Don't gimme that crap!
[NAGARA grunts]
[HAYATO]
You always act like this!
You just pretend to give up,
when really, deep down you're
hoping for something to change!
We've had enough!
Just stop dragging the rest of
us into your hopes already!
[NAGARA gasps]
[whimpers]
You see? He ran again.
[RAJDHANI]
Thanks for these.
Rajdhani, do you believe
in God? I'm curious.
[RAJDHANI]
Hmm? Oh, not so much God,
but I do have my
own kind of faith.
[MIZUHO] Yeah? 'Cause I've heard
His voice speaking to me.
"His" as in...?
[MIZUHO] God. He told
me that I was the one
who caused us to go adrift.
[RAJDHANI]
Hmm...
My power's so strange.
What is it really?
[MACHI panting]
[MACHI gasps]
Found you!
[NOZOMI]
Hmm? Hey, you're just in time.
Need some fish?
[thunder cracks]
[BOTH gasp]
[NOZOMI] No matter
what the others say,
the way I see you
won't change, Nagara.
[NAGARA sobbing]
[NAGARA]
I really do...
[sobbing]
I want to go back...
[sobs]
I wanna go back home, too...
[VOICE]
Stand up.
There's still time.
That's it? We really can't
ever go back home?
[AKI]
Give it up.
Wait a sec. we came
back from those worlds
connected to
the school, didn't we?
[AKI] Sure, but this world
and your own world
are two completely
different things.
[KOSSETSU]
What about that girl Nozomi?
She says she can see
the way out to our world.
[AKI] She's lying. You're better
off accepting the truth now.
But you know what? There may
be hope left for you yet.
[gasping]
In that boy.
The guardian who
protects this world.
[STUDENTS gasping]
You're our savior!
[NOZOMI]
What's up?
You been crying?
Why would I? No way.
Okay?
How did you get here?
What do you care? You vanished
on us by choice, right?
When we got word
that you'd disappeared,
the three of started looking.
We went through a whole lot
of trouble to make it here.
If the student council
president hadn't lent us this,
we'd never have found you.
[BOTH]
Hmm?
[STUDENTS cheering]
Where's Nagara?
Don't ask me.
‐‐So why'd you run?
‐‐Huh?
[MIZUHO] Did you hear me?
I asked why you ran away.
[NAGARA] Well, I couldn't
reason with them.
I had no choice.
What does that mean?!
Me leaving... is what
they all wanted, so I did.
[MIZUHO]
Oh, gimme a break!
How can you throw yourself
a pity party, then turn around
and scoff at everybody else?
Huh?! Screw you!
[gasps]
Leave me alone!
Don't block out the truth
and try to fool yourself!
The moment that you run away,
you become the same kind
of idiot as the rest of them!
[NAGARA]
I said leave me alone!
This is why people
think you're hopeless.
So stupid!
[NAGARA grunts]
I know that.
[MIZUHO]
You're not some cat.
Don't go running off
without warning...
‐‐Huh...?
‐‐[sobbing]
[RAJDHANI] Hmm. We're really
glad that you're okay, man.
Sorry.
[NAGARA]
All right. No more running.
[NOZOMI]
Good. Then let's go.
[MIZUHO]
Tch. You are such a simpleton.
[RAJDHANI] By the way,
this looks familiar, doesn't it?
It reminds me of
the island before.
Like, the one that burned?
Hang on.
[RAJDHANI] It's it, all right.
No doubt about it.
This is the island we were on.
But that's so strange...
It'd have to mean
there are two islands.
Oh! Maybe there are.
It's possible we've
been operating under
a huge misunderstanding.
[panting]
[RAJDHANI]
Nagara's power is, shall we say,
a little different.
We had assumed that
the charred island was restored
through the use
of Asakaze's power.
But that wasn't quite correct.
It was Nagara's ability.
[gasping]
But his power is teleporting.
How could that have done it?
[RAJDHANI] It's simple.
His power isn't teleporting.
He's able to create whole
worlds out of thin air.
He's likely done this for
every new world we've gone to.
[NOZOMI]
Oh! What an incredible view.
[NOZOMI] Heh! So close,
the light's right nearby!
[ASAKAZE]
That was an awful world.
No one was nice to me.
[AKI]
Do you want to change the world?
[ASAKAZE gasps]
Would you like
to come along with me?
[ASAKAZE]
Hmm.